the number of dips in
Germany continues to rise
however, the rate drops enlightenment all
three minutes will be in a house or in
a flat broken in personal
Things are damaged and ransacked
stolen valuables
this is the average
hurt at over 3,000 euros and that
although it is relatively easy against
to protect burglars
for example, the installation
a simple alarm system either
visible for direct deterrence
is attached or in the case of a
Burglar try it acoustically alarm
The probability decreases
a successful slump already around
whole 90 percent and just one
I want you today
imagine it's about the sa2 1700
at home blaupunkt what she can do
how reliable she works and much
You will learn more after the intro
fun
we have the start package of the system here
in front of us and look directly at us
in delivery of
when we open the box comes to us as
first the detailed instruction
contrary to that we will see already
times the service part and the enclosed
sensors the control panel is of high quality
and comes with a wall mount therefore
screws and dowels are also already
there
next to it is the power supply
which not only to the actual
power supply is used but in addition
the integrated battery charges
Thus, the alarm system works well
in the event of power outages, continue smoothly
it goes with a radio motion detector
and next to it a door and window sensor
velvet fixing material for easy
focus respectively
disable is a small one
Remote control including replacement battery
thanks to a protective cap one can also
do not look at a button
Last but not least, we will come
also fixing material for the
operated part as just mentioned and
for the motion detector with in the box
So these were the things you were in
starter package gets straight home
In addition, you can use the alarm system
but of course according to your circumstances
There is an extension for this in the blaupunkt
shop and amazon addition
to buy sensors like eg fire or
water detector or even more
movement or door and
window sensors
altogether it can be up to 30
sensors per system use the links
are below in the description
the facility went fast and
Easily use only the lifer
sensors already included in the start package
you do not have to do anything
these are already preprogrammed
Do you still need additional sensors?
this of course on your service part
but that is also very important
easy
every sensor can be named as you like
so that you can see later where
the alarm was triggered eg on
cellar window or on the patio door
the later operation is after a short time
Try to understand quickly
the menus are logically structured and you
should be fine anyway
can find their way to the first place
times in the menu must come
give her a pre-determined code
Enter this code is also for
focus and disable very much
important the display has a
backlight and is good
readable both during the day and in the
Something disturbing partially that partial
the lighting is always on
personally for the better
if the light only at one
keypress
things is a loud acoustic alarm
yes nice and good by the time
Built-in gsm module is still available
so some more possibilities for this
will of course be a sim card with
Number required is recommended
a simple prepaid card with one
mobile network your choice is important
just that the receive as possible
good is there you should definitely
be careful
but now to the benefits you
thereby the alarm system can receive
you or up to 6 phone numbers
one after the other on the mobile phone call
to inform you about an alarm
also for example the telephone number
the neighbor would definitely be here
make sense because they react quickly
could the police on the other hand should
you better not use that gives up
any case anger you can also the
plant by sms focus or
disable and over the pure function
check what's in your house
going
for ios and android is a free
app available to manage this
and driving the system something
simplifies the entire communication
However, really only by sms
or call start via bluetooth or even
Wlan there are no possibilities
reception or broadcasting power
gsm mode gives you a bit more power
be at least five of the maximum ten
Points should be reached here and more
Unfortunately I did not reach it
Although I can with the example
smartphone in the same mobile network always
had almost full reception on the
correct placement and sufficient
you have to receive so necessarily
otherwise the system in the
emergency, of course, do not contact
incredibly important in such a
system of course the
reliability and here was the sa2
1700 certainly score during one
period of about six weeks
it did not paralyze a single mistake
on the other side, the plant is stuck
always alarm when she should
speak if a supposed burglary
took place or one switched on
plant carelessly the door or one of the
with a sensor equipped window
opened when one of the sensors
alarm strikes it takes just under 30
seconds until the service section
loudly announces or the
stored phone numbers
so you have the possibility in the house
to go and the alarm system by hand
deactivate
if you have no remote or no
handy while you have the other way
that works too after the
you have sharp 30 by hand
seconds until the plant
is active thanks to sabotage protection is the
Alarm also triggered directly if that
unauthorized use of the
wall bracket is taken down and
Based on this example, I want you
once the volume demonstrate that
according to manufacturer is 96 decibels
So beware it will be loud
Volume should be for the most part
flats and houses are enough around the
alarm always true to take so, too
in the sleep the radio range is enclosed
about 300 meters with this indication
refers to an open terrain and
pretty much inside a house
is meaningless with the problems
connection between the control unit and the
But I did not have any sensors
three floors everything worked
very well
that was so much information now
Therefore, we consider all again in Conclusion
together
the blaupunkt as a 2700 is one
reliable alarm system with many
extension possibilities
the processing is good the
installation and setup easy
perform and otherwise there is
various useful features like that
contact by mobile phone in case of alarm or
the built-in sabotage protection
As I said the GSM module could be something
be more powerful but otherwise
I have nothing on the system
exposing
Price is the start package currently
at 399 euros in the video description
is a corresponding amazon link there
you can always get the current price in
bring experience
the additional sensors could partially
be a little bit cheaper one
window sensor costs for example
about 60 euros but if you have the
sensors are used intelligently and eg for
Some rooms use a motion detector
instead of four or more windows
sensors are the cost of such a
alarm system certainly in the frame
There are no follow-up costs with others
You sometimes have to do some models monthly
pay a fee that's up here
no case so only the sim card
Of course, a certain credit has to be given
But should have a credit of 10 euros
one there already really long way off then come
we are already at the end again
this videos arrived and i hope
very much that you liked it though
the product into a slightly different one
if that's how it would be
I 'm so big on a thumb
Go up or leave a comment
and then we'll see each other next time
good show until then